We are roughly two months from launch, so today I want decisions on core scope, launch positioning, and the engineering milestones we cannot slip.
Product recommends we keep the first release focused on ratings, watchlists, diary entries, and profile activity. Social comments can wait until after launch.
Design is aligned with that. We can finish the visual system and the movie detail page comfortably, but adding comments now would push us into rushed UI work.
Engineering can support the leaner scope. Search, ratings, and watchlists are stable in staging, but comment threads would require moderation logic we do not have yet.
From a branding angle, simpler is better. The story should be rate what you just watched, not a giant social network for movie discourse on day one.
Infrastructure can handle launch if we size for read-heavy traffic. Recommendations are the expensive piece, so we should cache aggressively before public release.
Analytics needs one clear success definition. I suggest day-one activation equals account creation plus first rating plus one saved watchlist item.
Support wants early help content for imports, spoilers, and account recovery. Those three topics already dominate tester questions.
Decision: we launch without comments, keep the core movie tracking workflow tight, and prioritize clarity, speed, and a polished first session over extra features.
Action items: Rahul locks MVP scope by Monday, Mei ships final onboarding screens by next Friday, Vikram and Omar finish caching and launch-readiness checks by month end, Priya drafts launch messaging next week, and Elena prepares help content before beta close.